doc/Deliverable 6/sprint_plan_6.md, before:

#Sprint Plan #6

Group: Health Informatics 5

| User Story | Task 			       | Assigned to | Estimated Effort             | Priority |
|:----------:|:-----------------------:|:-----------:|:----------------------------:|
| Story 7/8  | The script must coupled to the CodingOperation | Matthijs    | 5 hours | High                      |
|			 | The script must be coupled to the ChunkingOperation | Matthijs | 5 hours | High 
|			 | The script must be coupled to the CompareOperations | Matthijs | 10 hours | High 
| Story 10   | The chunking operation should use a range instead of an enum | Paul | 10 hours | High
| Story 12	|	The compare operations should be made into one operation | Jan | 15 hours | High  
| Story 13   |	Converting must merge records into one | Paul | 5 hours | Medium
| Story 17  | A PatternFactory should be made to make patterns | Robin | 15 hours | High |
| Story 18 | There should be determined what should be used to visualize the data | Julian | 5 hours | Medium | 
|			| There should be a frequency graph for the selected data | Julian | 10 hours | Medium
| Organisation	 | Update emerging architecture | Jan | 2 hours | Normal |
|  | Make prototype for friday| Jan & Julian | 5 hours each | High |
|  | Sprint plan and reflection| Paul (scrum master) | 2 hours | Normal

## User Stories

### Story 7

As a researcher I want to provide a custom analysis on my input so that filter the study data the way I need.

### Story 8

As a researcher I want to chain different analyses together so that a sequential analysis can be performed.
### Story 12

A a researcher I want to compare different bits of data so that the differences in the data can be analyzed.

### Story 13

As a researcher I want to convert the data so that to obtain a data structure more logical to my next analysis.

### Story 17
As a researcher I want to put codes on the data so that I can detect behaviour patterns.

### Story 19
As a researcher I want to see the table I want to output so that I can see if every transformation worked.

Commit message:

Made changes to the sprint plan given the feedback this meeting

doc/Deliverable 6/sprint_plan_6.md, after:

#Sprint Plan #6

Group: Health Informatics 5

| User Story | Task 			       | Assigned to | Estimated Effort             | Priority |
|:----------:|:-----------------------:|:-----------:|:----------------------------:|
| Story 7/8  | The script must coupled to the CodingOperation | Matthijs    | 5 hours | High                      |
|			 | The script must be coupled to the ChunkingOperation | Matthijs | 5 hours | High 
|			 | The script must be coupled to the CompareOperations | Matthijs | 10 hours | High 
| Story 10   | The chunking operation should use a range instead of an enum | Paul | 10 hours | High
| Story 13   |	Converting must merge records into one | Robin | 5 hours | Low
| Story 17  | A PatternFactory should be made to make patterns | Robin | 15 hours | High |
| Story 20 | There should be determined what library should be used to visualize the data | Julian | 5 hours | High | 
|			| After the execution of the script there must be a new GUI for visualization | Julian | 10 hours | High
|			| There should be a frequency graph of the selected data | Jan | 10 hours | High
|			| The should be a state transistion matrix of the selected data | Paul | 10 hours | Medium
|			| There must be a box plot of the selected data | Jan | 5 hours | Medium
| Organisation	 | Update emerging architecture | Jan | 2 hours | Low |
|  | Make prototype for friday| Jan & Julian | 5 hours each | Medium |
|  | Sprint plan and reflection| Paul (scrum master) | 2 hours | Normal

## User Stories

### Story 7

As a researcher I want to provide a custom analysis on my input so that filter the study data the way I need.

### Story 8

As a researcher I want to chain different analyses together so that a sequential analysis can be performed.

### Story 13

As a researcher I want to convert the data so that to obtain a data structure more logical to my next analysis.

### Story 17
As a researcher I want to put codes on the data so that I can detect behaviour patterns.

### Story 20
As a researcher I want visualize the new data so that I can determine what to analyse next.

##Reasons behind priority
For this sprint we have given the coupling of the script with the operations, the making of patterns and visualizing our data in two ways our highest priority. Coupling of the script for the data is an essential function of our program and we have started the coupling and hope to finish the other operations this week. For coding and conversion we want to give the user the ability to create codes on behavior. By making it possible to create whatever pattern in our Pattern factory we will make this possible. Both of these operations are must haves. And we gave visualization this sprint a high priority given the feedback we got this Friday on what to focus on next. Therefore we need to make a new GUI to make it possible for the user to select the data it wants to visualize. The medium task we will finish this sprint but are not necessary for the demo next Friday. Updating the Emergent Architecture Design has a low priority as we will most likely not change much in our core program so there is no big update needed.
